♪ MTV ♪
Historic moment. Eddie Harrigan
and Tommy Stevenson
in the same cab.
What would their dads say?
He stabbed up another kid
in a club.
You're a mad cunt. Eddie.
I'll make it up to you.
If his granddad finds out.
he's a dead man.
I'm fucking dead.
I'm assuming you've heard
of the Harrigans.
This deal takes us
to the next level.
How do we fund this expansion?
Fentanyl.
Well. I'm a representative
of said family.
If you do as I say.
I promise you will
never see me again.
If you don't. I will find you.
Problem solved.
Your son. Richie.
He hasn't come home.
And he lied
about who he was with.
Find him.
He was with Eddie Harrigan.
If Richie wants to get unruly.
and you get a chance.
you take him.
My boy didn't come home.
If you make things difficult
for me.
it won't end well
for you. Harry.
For the avoidance of doubt.
let Richie live.
Did you know that Archie's
been going
behind your back with The Fire?
Here's what happens
when you go behind my back.
Dad!
Sofa. we're burning.
Rug. we're burning.
I don't trust the curtains.
Get rid of them as well.
Strip this back.
the paint off. and repaint that.
The floorboards have to be
replaced 'cause there's. um...
they've got a fucking hole
in them.
Zosia. Kiko.
can you get rid
of Archie's car. please?
Thank you.
- Paul?
- Yeah?
Can you get me
some plastic. please. and a bag?
Plastic bags. got it.
- Uh. I have a question.
- Yeah. go on.
They've been mates
since the fucking '70s.
Yeah. that's not
a question. is it?
No. well. the question is. why?
You know. why'd he do it?
You know what. there are so
many variables and occurrences
which happen on a daily basis
throughout the universe.
It is not for us to wonder
why they happen.
It is only for us
to bring me the fucking plastic
and a bag right now. Paul.
- Thank you.
- Fair enough.
Um...
What happened?
Harry.
Well. Dad's standing there
unfurling his grand plan...
How do we fund this expansion?
Involving Mexicans.
the Stevensons. fentanyl.
- Archie interrupts.
- We could perhaps
discuss it?
- We?
- Dad shifts gears.
- Could discuss it?
- Something upsets him.
Anyway. he fucks off.
apparently. for a piss.
And that's when the wheels
came off.
Archie. you are a much better
toady yes-man than a traitor.
Mum called Archie a traitor.
Archie a traitor?
Yeah.
And Dad comes back in.
and he's a different
fucking man.
- Sits opposite him.
- What. here?
- Oh. Archie.
- Yeah.
- Opposite Archie.
- Okay.
Then he holds Archie's hands.
with seemingly great compassion.
You know. one of them...
And I'm sitting there thinking.
"I don't know
where this is going."
That's when I see
the Desert Eagle
sticking out of Dad's ass crack.
And what was your mum doing?
She must've known
what was coming.
'cause she left her post.
which was that seat there.
Right. and?
Then she called it.
Stick or twist. baby.
Stick or twist.
Dad pulls out
the fucking Eagle.
Is this some kind of piss-take?
Yes. Archie.
The piss has been taken.
Wallop.
Straight through Archie's heart.
Well. okay.
- I'll leave you to it.
- Yeah. yeah.
All right. let's get it done.
All right.
let's have a look at you.
I'm sorry about this. Arch.
I always liked you.
I can't sleep.
I just killed
my oldest friend. Maeve.
You look at Archie
and you see an old mate.
I saw a liar.
a leech and a liability.
I identified the problem.
and you.
you dealt with it.
Huh.
So... fentanyl.
Hmm? Yes or no?
Oh. 100%. all the way.
You have to follow the money.
♪ "Starburster"
by Fontaines D.C. ♪
♪ It may feel bad ♪
♪ I wanna see you alone.
I wanna sharp the stone ♪
♪ I wanna bounce the bone.
I wanna mess with it ♪
♪ I wanna lay the Deville.
the whole crew on the sill ♪
♪ I want the preacher and pill.
I wanna bless with it ♪
♪ I wanna head to a mass
and get cast in it ♪
♪ That shit's funnier
than any A-class. innit? ♪
♪ I wanna talk with the clown
who has apologies down ♪
♪ Pay him 300 pounds
to take a class in it ♪
♪ I wanna bite the phone.
I wanna bleed the tone ♪
♪ I wanna see you alone.
alone. alone. lone ♪
♪ I wanna strait the shark
and find me somewhere to park ♪
♪ Like the light when it's dark.
it's dark. it's dark. dark ♪
♪ A few stars about
make it feel like peace ♪
♪ In a way ♪
♪ A complimentary round ♪
♪ Constellation
got a twist in it ♪
♪ For a GPO
and all the hits in it ♪
♪ I'm gonna hit your business
if it's momentary blissness ♪
Who was it?
I didn't see. It was dark.
Rusby's got it in for everyone.
I said it was dark.
I'm Harry.
Kevin.
Is this your first stretch?
Third.
Me and this other lad. we robbed
- a sub-post office.
- Oy.
Kevin. you're a bad man.
ain't you?
Well. my dad is.
That's why
I only got three years.
Who's your dad?
Conrad Harrigan.
Yeah.
Never heard of him.
Yeah. you have.
Armed Police! Armed Police!
- Armed Police!
- Harry?
What's going on?
- Armed Police!
- Everyone out!
Gina. it's all right. baby.
Everything is okay.
There is a doorbell. you know.
Don't worry. It's all good.
Ah. Fisk. Morning. How are you?
Yeah. I'm good.
peace and goodwill
to all men and all that.
She's got her Maths GCSE
this morning.
Oh. is she? Good luck. love.
I'm not your love.
you bad-breath prick.
No. she didn't mean that.
Right. go on. John.
Come on. John. Let's do this.
All right.
Thank you.
Shall we do this?
I'll give you a call.
Okay. Right. right.
Good luck with your GCSE. love.
Fuck off. nonce.
No. No.
More affordable
homes across London.
Kevin.
Driving's a bit reckless.
Richie.
Where's my Tommy?
I don't know. I'm not
fucking clairvoyant. am I?
Anyway. Harry's been nicked.
Oh. fuck Harry. Where's my boy?
Don't say "fuck Harry."
That's rude. Richie.
I've asked Eddie.
Doesn't know anything
about your Tommy.
Well. why don't you get your son
to come and say that to my face?
If you want
to start a war. Richie.
then just fucking say.
Now. O'Hara's gonna have
Harry out in a couple of hours.
So hold your horses.
you jumpy cunt.
You got one hour.
and then I'm coming for Eddie.
Call Bella.
Calling Bella.
Bell. move Eddie
to the Cotswolds.
I'm gonna send
two of Harry's people
over to you now.
He's gonna love that.
I don't give a fuck
if he likes it.
When was the last time you saw.
- Archie Hammond?
- Listen. Fisk. this is
the moment when I say.
"fuck off." right?
My brief's on the way.
You're not being charged
with anything. Harry.
- Just relax.
- So why am I here?
- I can help you. Harry.
- I seriously doubt that.
And you can help us.
You all right. Fisk?
The Harrigan Express
is running out of steam.
When it does. a lot of people
are gonna go down with it.
I can provide you
with a parachute.
Mate. your metaphor
is really hard to follow. so...
"The Harrigan Express
is running out of steam." yeah?
"I can provide you
with a parachute."
What is it. a train or is it
a plane? I'm a bit confused.
- Harry...
- No. I suggest
you should probably go
for the plane.
because plane crashes
are worse than train crashes.
You know. casualty-wise.
Do you want to go outside.
have a think about it?
You know. maybe come back in
and give this all another go?
His brief's here.
Fisk.
Please start by telling me
why you broke into
my client's home
in front of his family
and dragged him down here.
We believe your client can
help us with an investigation
concerning Archie Hammond.
Who?
Your other client
Conrad Harrigan's
lifelong associate Hammond.
Archie Hammond.
What's the nature
of your investigation?
Well. right now.
simply to find out
when your client
last saw Mr. Hammond.
And why is this important?
We want to talk to him.
So phone him up.
Yeah. we did.
but he didn't answer.
This is bullshit.
I need to get out of here.
Now. yeah?
I'm taking my client home
right now.
Back to his family.
All right.
Have a think about
what I said. Harry.
The net is closing.
you know it is.
Conrad. he may not. but you do.
Don't you. mate?
Oh. Archie.
And try not to upset
your grandfather too much.
Hmm.
Eddie? You still play football?
Every time I see you. you ask me
if I still play football.
I haven't played football
since I was ten.
I hate fucking football.
Anglais. s'il vous plaît.
I said the weather is beautiful
this time of year.
Fucking splendido.
Could be a coincidence.
I don't believe in coincidences.
- All right.
- H.
Richie came to see me.
He's coming for Eddie.
so I sent Kiko and Zosia
to take him to the Cotswolds.
Let's meet there.
Will do. mate.
All right.
head for Conrad's. yeah?
Yeah. well. there's no way
that Fisk didn't know something.
- He knows something.
- Well. theory number one...
the house is bugged.
Well. if it was this serious
and organized. it'd be over
in five minutes. have Conrad
out for murder. wouldn't they?
Two. Archie was a grass.
and they expected to hear
from him after the meeting.
He never rung.
so they haul you in.
- He was getting greedy.
- Says who?
Maeve.
What. that's your proof? Maeve?
Or maybe he was wearing a wire.
Nah. he wasn't wearing a wire.
I searched his body.
This morning.
I popped him in a bag.
I drove him over
to Pete's Parlor
and I placed him in a coffin
with some old dear.
Looked just like his ex-wife.
- Jesus.
- He'll be happy with that.
Just what the fuck
was Conrad thinking?
Haven't got a clue.
But I know someone who does.
All right. then.
- Hey. Jan. You okay?
- You out?
How is Gina? How was her exam?
Where are you?
I'll be home
as soon as I can. okay?
Just. uh. just got a couple
of things I need to fix first.
What about our therapy session
at 2?
You know. I'd scream. Harry.
but it doesn't do any good.
I'll call you later.
Nah. Fisk must've been
tipped off.
He definitely knows something.
I can feel it.
So. who do you think
called us this morning?
It'd be someone on the inside.
- Who's the weak link?
- I don't know. but we'll use
Harry to help us.
Seriously? Why would he do that?
- His job.
- What do you mean?
Protecting the Harrigans.
If he thinks
there's an informer.
he'll have to find them.
And if he does...
fuck it. so will we.
Seraphina?
There's. uh.
someone here to see you.
So. I take it
this is to discuss the event?
The Cotswolds?
What? No. actually. no.
No. I said last night
I had a proposition.
So this is about that?
Yeah. W-What else do
you think it was about?
Dad. The sad and tragic demise
of Archie.
Oh. G...
Look. what Dad does. Dad does.
You know. 'twas ever thus.
If I lost sleep after every time
he's done something
that would haunt
the average person forever...
When I was at school.
he-he walked onto
the rugby field
and beat my sports master
half to death
with a fucking umbrella.
What's your proposition?
Yeah. right. Look...
You know. we both know
I've been. you know...
I've been out in the cold since.
since what happened.
Are we talking about the Swiss
thing or the Belarus thing?
Yeah. uh. both.
Both. I suppose.
- Mm. Go on.
- Yeah.
Well. you know. I've been
looking for a way back in.
you know. to re-earn
Dad's trust. as it were.
and I think I found it.
And who better to help me
than my beloved sister?
No. listen.
and it's not charity.
tru... by no means.
You know. when-when you hear
my proposition.
you are gonna flip.
Seraphina.
you are gonna get
very. very wet.
- Small tip.
- Yeah.
To get back in Dad's favor
after Switzerland. Belarus
and the Heathrow job.
you're gonna have to come up
with something
so unbelievably spectacular...
I mean biblically.
Also. best not to talk about me
getting very. very wet.
I'm your fucking sister.
Well. you're only
my half sister.
and you are quite fit.
I'm either fit or not fit.
"Quite fit."
it-it just doesn't work.
Anyway. I'm still
your fucking sister.
- Half sister.
- Thirdly.
when you have a life-changing
proposition and you take
someone to lunch.
you don't take them to a caff.
I'm gonna do you
a favor here. Brendan.
I'm not gonna tell Dad that
you came to me with anything.
Go away.
Go abroad two to three years
and think hard about why
you keep messing up so badly.
How maybe this life
isn't for you.
And this life isn't for you.
Maybe try and find something
that's less of a challenge.
I'm very busy.
Got a lot to do. so...
- I'll get lunch.
- Yeah.
- Take care.
- All right.
Quite fit?
Look. I was gonna say
"very fit."
but I thought
that might sound weird.
Oh. yes. and Thomas
will need to be there.
He said he's got a weekend plan.
or something like that.
but bugger that.
he'll have to make do.
Ah. There you are.
You're late.
- It's one minute to.
- Not by my watch.
Thanks for seeing me.
Pleasure.
It's been a while.
Two years.
Well. it's nice
to see you again.
You. too. Dad.
So. how can I help?
Is there somewhere we can go?
Already told you.
I'm extremely busy.
It's a sensitive matter.
If it's something
I need to hide.
then I don't want
to know about it.
I want you to meet
an associate of mine.
An associate?
A Frenchman.
He'll pay good money
for you to introduce him
to your friends in government.
I see.
And how much
is he paying you for this?
Half of what he's paying you.
You know. Isabella.
you always were a conniver.
a little chiseler.
even as a tot.
Always on the make.
Do you want the money or not?
Well. send me the details.
Looking good.
In my day. women in their 40s
used to look
like painted corpses.
How things change.
That motorbike's been
following us for a while.
It's just been joined
by a gray Beamer.
- They're still heading west.
- It's 12:01.
Fuck Harry Da Souza
and fuck the Harrigans.
Bring me Eddie Harrigan.
Bring him to me in one piece.
with his heart still beating.
Got it.
Pete. fall back.
- We'll cut them off.
- Copy that.
I'm just gonna stop here.
and see if they stop with us.
All right. let's have a chat.
Do you know what you're doing?
You all right. mate?
- Yeah. we're all right.
- Good.
We're going that way.
Why don't you go that way?
Nah.
Kid's got to come with us.
Watch out!
Shit. Pete. stick to them.
We'll block them.
They're coming your way now.
Hasta la vista. cabrones.
They're there.
They're behind you. loop around.
Got to give it to you. Zosh.
You can drive.
Ain't fucking over yet.
If they wanted us dead.
we'd be dead already.
Shit. they're back.
Kiko! If you get
the chance to kill him.
kill him!
Kiko!
Whoa. What the fuck
have you done
to cause all of this?
So much for them not
trying to fucking kill you.
It's good to see you
in one piece there now.
There you go. Get inside.
Go on now.
Ah.
How are you. my darling?
Would you believe it?
The guy was on a bike.
and Kiko just shot him
in the face.
Inside now. Go on.
Come inside. Come on.
All right. take the car
to the old stables.
We'll cut her up
and dump her later. all right?
And Kiko. Zosia. nice work.
All right. off you go.
- All right. H.
- Hello. mate.
- All right. Ms. O'Hara.
- Paul.
Carry on.
Harry. everything okay?
I-Is Conrad about?
Expecting you in the kitchen.
They shot up the car.
multiple bullet holes.
- with my grandson in it.
- Jesus.
- Is he okay?
- Since when has Eddie been okay?
Unscathed. I mean.
Richie's put it up us...
and we have to reply.
And that road only leads to war.
Conrad. I need to have
a-a chat with you about Archie.
Archie was in with
the Stevensons on the fentanyl.
He was on a percentage.
to keep convincing me
to leave them to it.
Forgive me. Conrad. but. um...
I'm not sure that that's.
uh. that's right. actually.
What?
- Are you calling Maeve a liar?
- No.
What I'm saying is. it actually
could be a lot worse.
How's that?
Well. I. uh.
I got pulled in this morning.
by a lad called Fisk.
All he was asking
was questions about Archie.
So...
you think Fisk knows
something about last night?
If he does.
I'd have thought that we'd have
forensics around here.
crawling about.
But we don't. do we?
So it's a bit odd.
Do you think Archie was a grass?
I don't. I don't know.
Huh.
Archie.
A grass.
I could dig the cunt up
and do it all again!
I should've fucking done that.
I could cut his throat.
Sh... Fucking cut out
his tongue.
That's what I should've done.
What was I thinking?
A man sees a way
to fuck you over. fair play.
It's human nature.
and there's no mercy in nature.
That's what I love about it.
If I am bigger than you.
stronger than you.
I'll eat you or I'll fuck you
and then eat you.
But go behind my back? I get it.
Huh? I get it.
I'll put a bullet in your heart.
but I won't blame you.
But a grass?
I-If you'd have
told me this yesterday.
I would. I would have
laughed as well. but...
it's unusual that they're asking
about him. innit?
Yeah.
I refuse to believe it.
I want proof.
I want solid proof.
Will you do that. Harry?
Well. if there is proof.
you know.
I'll-I'll get it for you.
Yeah.
Talk to Eddie.
Sort this Tommy thing out.
Give him a fucking kicking
if he needs it.
Uh-huh.
I should've cut his tongue out.
That's what I should've done.
I'm supposed to say "come in"
before you come in.
Sit down. Eddie.
- Why?
- Just sit down.
Hmm.
I got a little bit of a problem.
I'm gonna need your help.
because it's actually
your problem.
I saw the CCTV at the club.
You were with three boys.
One of them was Tommy.
wasn't it?
Do you want to talk me
through that?
- Yeah.
- Hmm.
All right.
I saw Tommy.
We went for a few drinks.
Some geezer went for his blade.
I beat him to it.
Tommy shat himself and ran off.
Who were the boys?
Two wankers from Westminster.
But you know them?
- Uh... yeah. I know them.
- Names?
You either know them
or you don't know them.
Alfie King and Jack Whiley.
All right.
You've got a bit of shit
on your nose.
It's not shit.
it's Sherbet dip dab.
Conrad wants me
to give you a good hiding.
I'm gonna give that
a rain check.
I'm gonna go and speak
to your two friends.
see what they remember.
I'll need their numbers.
Send them.
- Harry.
- All right. Kevin.
- listen. I can't stop.
- Where are you going?
I got to go see Richie.
Calm things down.
Well. good luck. mo chara.
Hi.
Hi. I'm with Eddie now.
- He's safe.
- Good.
Are you coming down?
Not on your life.
You used to like it here.
That was then.
- All right. I got to go. babe.
- Okay.
Bye. then.
Ms. Harrigan.
Please. take a seat.
Thank you.
So. Antoine.
What is it you need?
My clients would like
to speak to your father.
That shouldn't be
too difficult to arrange.
I don't mean to be intrusive.
but my understanding is that
you are estranged from him?
From him and from
your entire family.
Well. my family and I
have had our differences.
but that's all in the past.
As for my father.
we speak all the time.
My clients are serious people.
- There is a great deal at stake.
- Antoine. if I say
something is the case.
then it's the case.
Now. please. let's talk money.
We feel our offer
was more than generous.
Your offer. Antoine.
was a fucking joke.
excuse my French.
Well. then.
the deal's off.
- They won't go any higher.
- Can I finish?
I'll accept the offer.
Frankly. I don't care
about the money.
I'm more interested
in a different currency.
I was just on with Bella.
She's not coming down.
Oh.
Mm. That's a shame.
Does she know?
Did you tell her.
about last night?
No.
So you told no one?
Course not.
Huh.
They hauled Harry in.
They asked him about Archie.
Might just be a coincidence.
Mm-mm. Harry thinks
that Archie was...
a grass.
Well. I thought you thought
he went behind your back.
- I-I did.
- Kevin. darling.
Come and give your... give your
dear old mother a kiss. hmm?
Mwah.
- Where's Bella?
- Oh. she's not coming down.
Oh. isn't this lovely?
Three generations
under the same roof.
Yeah.
All right.
- Wait here.
- You sure?
Yeah. I'm sure. Just wait here.
- All right. Freddie.
- How's it going. H?
Yeah. good. mate.
He's expecting me.
Let me see you through. mate.
Oh. H. I'm gonna warn you.
- He's ready to kick off.
- All right.
- I'm gonna give you a pat-down.
- Yeah. go on.
- He's good.
- You sure?
He just checked me. didn't he?
This way. Harry.
Fuck's sake.
Tell your mum to stop worrying.
Tell her to say some prayers.
Take her down to the shops.
I don't fucking know.
Yeah. enter.
Listen. I've got to go.
Vron. stop taking the Xanax.
you're starting to slur. babe.
All right. I love you.
I love you.
Time's up.
Yeah. I. um. I got nicked.
Not my problem.
You said you'd sort it
at twelve o'clock.
That was the deal.
Yeah. whereupon shots got fired.
Well. that's because
enough is e-fucking-nough.
Okay. listen.
I think that everybody
should just take a step back
for right now. you know?
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
Unless you can put
the last person
that saw my boy
in front of me right now.
that ain't gonna happen.
Right. Well. listen.
Conrad doesn't want a war.
Yeah? You. you don't want a war.
You want your son.
I will find your son.
Why don't you like me?
Sorry?
You said the other day
that you didn't like me.
- Hmm.
- I just wonder why.
The words are many.
the list is endless.
so I don't want
to waste your time.
I'll get your boy.
and I will bring him back.
Give him the book. Ali.
You like a story. don't you. H?
I mean. we all like a story.
I got one for you.
Once upon a time...
there was this girl.
Nice girl. Pretty girl.
Glossy hair.
Anyway. she went to this school.
Nice school. Private school.
Proper school.
After school. she gets hungry.
So her and her mates.
off they trot
down to Burger King.
Now. what do you suppose
she orders?
Hmm?
One orders
the Chilli Cheese Bites.
Halloumi fries.
And then.
the protagonist of this story.
she orders a Whopper.
Fully loaded.
And just by coincidence.
the protagonist is called Gina.
Gina Da Souza.
And the director of this
narrative is called Harry.
Harry Da Souza.
Now. how this story ends
is up to the director.
Could be a happy ending.
or it could be
a very unhappy ending.
It's down to you.
You choose.
But I'm telling you.
you disappear again
or muck me about...
then it's your child.
Unless you bring back
my boy here tonight.
then tonight.
I'm gonna break your
fucking heart in two. Harry.
And then I'm gonna descend
on the Cotswolds
like a plague
of fucking locusts.
You all right there. Harry?
You back with us?
Yeah.
I just had a vision.
And it did
have a very unhappy ending.
Show him the door. chaps.
All right. take me home.
- Hello. Harry.
- Hi. babe.
What's that. Chardonnay?
Special occasion?
Not really. Harry.
Mm-hmm.
Where's Gina?
She's in her room. revising.
Hmm.
Maria called.
Asked if you'd spoken
to the care home.
- Uh. no. not yet.
- I know how busy you are.
so I made an appointment for you
with the director.
Tomorrow morning at 10.
Okay.
Harry.
Yeah?
Would you have stayed with me
if I hadn't got pregnant?
Yeah. Of course I would.
I went to see a therapist today.
On my own. but...
Well. was it any good?
Not really. Harry.
It was a couples therapist.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Tomorrow.
I've got an appointment
to see a solicitor.
Why?
What do you need
a solicitor for?
Come on. Harry.
No. babe.
You don't need a solicitor.
Have you eaten?
No.
Tommy Stevenson's gone missing.
- What?
- Mm-hmm.
Is it serious?
Well. it could be. yeah.
Is that why you asked
where Gina was?
No.
- Tell me the truth. Harry.
- I'm telling you the truth.
- Are we in danger?
- No. no.
- Is Gina in danger?
- No. no danger.
Absolutely not. No danger.
I hope you're
fucking right. Harry.
Hey.
- How's Eddie?
- He's fine.
- They shot up the car?
- Yeah.
Why?
Because he was in it.
Uh. what's so urgent?
Is it my fault.
that he's such a...
a fuckup?
No. I would say he's. uh.
just a bit of a fuckup
'cause he's a kid. you know?
Is this what's so urgent?
You want to discuss
nature versus nurture?
No.
We need to set up a meeting
with the Frenchman.
All right. Okay. I thought
we decided that was a bad idea.
You did.
- But I saw my father today.
- Right.
I thought we decided
that really was a bad idea.
I saw him and I thought...
"Fuck it. I'm doing this."
So...
we're dealing
with an absolute shitstorm
with Richie Stevenson.
and you decide
now is the time. urgently.
to leverage your father...
You don't know
who my father really is.
No. I don't.
Finding out who he is
is not really at the top
of my to-do list.
Do you have a room here?
I thought you'd never ask.
Get one.
You should stay here until
this all blows over with Richie.
Okay. I'll get one if
you promise to share it with me.
Keep me safe.
How's married life. Harry?
Mine's rather complicated.
Hmm.
Listen. whatever
you are cooking up
with the Frenchman
and your dad... don't.
You're right.
I know.
Thank you.
You can't tell me what to do.
Alfie. Jack. Who's who?
- Jack.
- Alfie.
All right. gents. I'm Harry.
Look. mate.
we don't want any trouble.
First of all.
I'm not your fucking mate.
Second of all.
you are in a lot of trouble.
That's why you're talking to me.
You play your cards right.
I might be able
to get you out of it.
All right.
Do you know where Tommy is?
We haven't heard from him.
Right. What happened there?
Eddie stabbed some dude.
He was coked out of his mind.
Seriously. I didn't think
we were gonna get out alive.
What about Tommy?
Did you leave with him?
Me and Alfie went one way.
Tommy went another.
But he got outside?
I saw him outside.
yeah. running.
Was Eddie with him?
- I didn't see.
- Nah. me. neither.
Well. how'd you end up there?
- Eddie knew the guy.
- What guy?
The owner. the manager.
Oh. right. yeah.
The scrawny geezer.
he got a buzz cut.
impressive cheekbones
and quite lovely blue eyes.
ain't he?
Yeah.
Eddie knew him?
Hundred percent.
All right. Listen. if you hear
anything about Tommy.
you call me straightaway.
do you understand?
- You've got my number?
- Yeah.
Get yourself
a nice bit of cheesecake.
Get the fuck away from my car.
Hello. handsome.
No. Why the long face?
Nothing.
- They're jealous.
- They think I'm a fuckup.
Now. now.
That's not the way
a Harrigan talks.
Come here.
Come on.
Aww.
Mm.
Oh. there. there.
You know.
your mother means well.
but she's cold.
I raised you. baby.
and I raised you right.
A man disrespects you.
you take care of it.
That's the Harrigan way.
You did good.
Yeah.
Tell me. how did it feel?
Hmm? When you stuck
that knife into him?
How did it feel?
It felt fucking great.
Mm.
Have you got any coke?
No. I've had it all.
That's a shame.
Huh.
Hello.
What's this?
Nan of the year.
We're ten minutes out.
- Where have you been?
- Comforting Eddie.
- Oh. Jesus.
- He needs love
and understanding.
He's a true Harrigan.
He'll make a great man one day.
you'll see.
That little fucking toe-rag.
he's a liability.
That's what he is.
He's a fucking liability.
Don't you try to stare me down.
you poxy little card thief.
I made you. I made all of you.
You have no idea
who Eddie Harrigan is.
You can't see it.
None of you can.
I can.
You see.
he understands who we are.
Let's not forget it:
you're an Irish gangster first
and an English gentleman second.
You are a stone-cold
Paddy killer.
Uhp. I hear you. Maeve. Hmm?
You've had your moment in court.
I've heard the prosecution.
You may be a good lawyer.
but don't forget.
I'm still the fucking judge.
Kiko.
We're good?
Yeah. we're good. mate.
Let's go.
Yeah. stay with me.
Hold up.
Brother. This way.
- Jay.
- Get back. man.
Jay.
What is it. man?
Go inside.
And you. Jay. Come on. let's go.
Put your hands on the stairway.
Right. Anyone come
from upstairs.
yeah. you tell them "fuck off."
Get him your rad.
Be here when I get back.
♪ Breathe the pressure ♪
♪ Come play my game.
I'll test you ♪
♪ Psychosomatic.
addict. insane ♪
♪ Breathe the pressure ♪
♪ Come play my game.
I'll test you ♪
♪ Psychosomatic.
addict. insane ♪
Where's Tommy?
Yeah.
Get down!
Go on. then.
Fuck off.
♪ Breathe the pressure ♪
♪ Come play my game.
I'll test you ♪
♪ Breathe the pressure ♪
♪ Come play my game.
I'll test you... ♪
Where's Tommy?
- Huh?
- I said where's Tommy?
- I-I'll show you...
- I'm sorry. what'd you say?
- I'll show you to him.
- All right.
Well. come on then. let's go.
There's nothing in there
but fucking books.
Open it up.
Did you do that?
Mm.
All on your own?
How long did that take?
- About three hours.
- No.
Mm-hmm.
My dad was a butcher.
Kiko. Have a look at that.
La madre de Dios.
Parece la polla de un caballo.
Do you want me
to translate that?
I bet he said something
about the size of his cock.
♪ Breathe the pressure ♪
♪ Come play my game.
I'll test you ♪
♪ Psychosomatic.
addict. insane ♪
♪ Breathe the pressure ♪
♪ Come play my game.
I'll test you ♪
♪ Psychosomatic.
addict. insane ♪